Just as a person can be awakened from a deep sleep,
the Bible shows that it is possible to be awakened from death.
Jesus did just that for his friend Lazarus.
Lazarus had been dead for four days.
If some part of Lazarus had survived his death and gone to heaven,
would Jesus take him out of heaven and force him to live on earth again?
No, Lazarus was asleep in the grave.
Jesus gave him back his life and reunited him with his family.
The Bible promises the time when many people will be resurrected from the dead,
just as Lazarus was.
Jesus spoke of this wonderful hope when he said,
the one who exercises faith in me,
even though he dies, will come to life.